Day 8 Task:
1. create a divs with top, right, left, bottom borders with border style, border width, border color 
(ex. first div show only top border with 1px width, solid and black color)
 
 
2. create a div with pseudo class hover 
(ex. when you hover the div that change that color, size, position etc)
 
3. create a anchor tag that show pseudo class like :acitve and :visited 
(ex. normal anchor tag vs pseudo anchor tag)
 
4. create a section with different html tag and that show pesudo element like first-letter, first-line, before, after, selection 
(ex. in p tag when you select the text that show different color of background like red color background and white color text)
 
5. Show different types of display like none, block, inline, inline-block, flex, grid
(ex. h1 show inline display vs h1 without inline display (without style))
 
6. create a section that show position property like absolute, fixed, sticky, relative (ex. p tag that show fixed position property)
 
7. create div that show a image when user hover that div image will be zoom-in or zoom-out (overflow: visible, auto, hidden)
 
8. show html list with different type of bullets with css {list-style-type, list-style-position, list-style-image, }
(ex. unordered list with square bullets)
 
9. create a section that show css visibility property like hidden and visible
(ex. section with three image when user hover on images that hide and show)
 
10. create a section that show different type of cursors like pointer, auto, all-scroll, copy, default, move, e-resize, w-resize, n-resize, s-resize, text, wait, help, progress, not-allowed, zoom-in, zoom-out, no-drop (Min. 8 types)
(ex. create a div that show cursor pointer when user hover on it)
 
11. create a btn with div and css
 
12. show all css fitlers on image {filters like brightness, blur, Sepia, Grayscale, Hue-rotate, Contrast, Drop-shadow, Saturate} (don't change that image, same image show diffrent filters)
(ex. image that blur effect )
 
13. create a divs that show different color with different color syntax like hex, rgb, rgba, hsl, hsla, color name
 
14. All CSS Selectors like element selector, class selector, group selecors, universal selector, id selector
 
 
15. create a div that show box-shadow and h1 text that show text-shadow
 
16. create a two div one is show radial gradient and another is show linear gradient
 
17. write a text that show different types of text property like font-size, font-family, font-variant, font-color, font-style, font-weight 
(ex. first h1 show pain text, second show bigger font size, third show different font-family with font-size)
 
18. use three libraries like google font, font-awesome, bootstrap etc. (don't use svg)

 